hey guys I hacks here and today I just
want to make a quick video on cydia
tweak you may know or may not know
called they carrier so what fake carrier
does is it just changes the name of your
carrier like mine there to anything you
like so let me just type in hello set it
bang there you go one second and it
changes it very easy right and to
download this app go into cydia of
course since it's a cydia tweak go into
such you should wait for it to load dune
to do anyways okay carry on there you go
and well mice is modified but yours is
gonna say install and here install there
you go so hope this video helped guys
don't forget to comment rate and
subscribe peace
you